[ann] We're still in
the second game
of the tournament's
semifinals.
Here!
-[ann] There's ten minutes
-Furano!
- remaining for
- the referee to whistle
-Let's go now!
- the end of this match.
-Nankatsu! Nankatsu!
- The team that wins
-We will win!
will have to face
Toho Academy in the finals.
Toho Academy has been
the tournament's runner-up
in three different
occasions.
We...have to score.
[ann] Despite
their disadvantage,
Furano's heart is set on
getting the goal
that ties this match
by any means necessary.
Don't lose your focus
We just need one more goal
and we'll tie it.
[ann] Both teams
are playing
with great determination.
It's been a clean match,
without a single foul.
- Although there's rivalry,
-[grunt]
you can feel
the sportsmanship in the air
between these
two young men.
-Furano, you have to win
-Furano, come on!
-the match!
-We have to win!
-Furano! Furano!
-Let's do this! Yeah!
-Come on,
-[Yoshiko] Oh God,
-move it!
- I'm begging you...
-Whoo!
Let them win this match.
[narr] Episode 45:
Tears at the Airport.
[ann] Team Furano makes
its way to Nankatsu's goal.
The goalie Morisaki
communicates
- with the defense.
-[groaning]
- Wakamatsu moves
-[grunt]
along the pitch.
- Wakamatsu has the ball...
-[groaning]
[gasp]
[ann] But Takasugi
recovers the ball.
Furano
just can't get close.
Good job.
That's how it's done!
[Furuoya]
A lot of people think that
Nankatsu is just about
Tsubasa...
but they're sadly mistaken.
Now that Tsubasa
can't go all out...
all the other players
are giving their all...
as if he wasn't playing
at all.
- And Tsubasa in turn,
-Iwami, run up the pitch and
- assists his team as if
-pass the ball to Nagano!
- nothing had ever happened.
-Yeah!
[Furuoya] That's the spirit
of a true captain.
There is no doubt,
Nankatsu is the best team
in all of Japan.
[grunts]
[ann] And Furano
gets the ball back!
Good job, Matsuda!
-[panting]
-[ann] It appears they're
desperately looking to get
the tying goal of the match.
That's right,
give it your all, Furano.
-[Kurata] From the get go,
-You can do it!
- we've had to endure
-Good job!
many obstacles to get
where we are today.
Even Hokkaido's
harsh winter.
But this time...
despite the suffocating
heat...
we're here in
the semifinals.
We're facing Nankatsu,
the current champion
Prepare yourselves!
Because Furano will never...
...give up.
We'll keep trying.
Despite their limitations...
all of the team is
giving their maximum effort.
- In my eyes,
-[panting]
they're already champions.
Oda!
[ann] Matsuda with
the cross pass!
It's mine!
-[grunt]
-[ann] But the goalie
Morisaki rejects it
with his fist.
Now the ball
goes to the red team.
Listen up, team.
Let's put the nail
in the coffin.
-Yeah!
[ann] Now Nankatsu
is running towards
Furano's goal.
Everyone, go back.
We have to run and
defend our goal.
Nankatsu's attacking again.
One more goal,
and Furano is doomed.
-[pants]
-[ann] Kisugi and Taki
are waiting for
Izawa's pass.
[yell]
Here!
[ann] But Izawa
kicks towards the goal!
That's an easy shot
to block.
[grunt]
[ann] And the goalie
deflects it.
But Taki's there
- to get it back.
-[yelling]
[groaning]
Now this one's a winner.
[yells]
[ann] But the defense
steps up.
It's mine!
[ann] The ball falls down
towards Kisugi.
Now's my turn!
-[gasps]
-[ann] Kisugi attacks
with a slide,
but the Furano captain
blocks the shot.
He left his manmark
to defend the goal.
[gasps]
[ann] How ironic.
The ball
- bounces towards Tsubasa.
-[panting]
This can't happen!
[yell]
Now it's my turn!
[grunt]
Drive Shot!
[eagle screech]
[grunt]
[groaning]
[ann]
Incredible!
Matsuyama uses his body
as a shield,
but the force of the shot
drags him towards the goal.
Be careful, Captain.
-Captain!
[groaning]
[ann] All of Furano
comes together
making a barrier
to protect their captain.
-[gasp]
-No, Captain!
[gasps]
[ann] And the ball
doesn't go in.
[grunt]
[sigh of relief]
[pant]
Thanks a lot, guys.
It was nothing.
-[ann] Furano's strength
-[groan]
- stopped Tsubasa's famous
-We did it, guys.
- Drive Shot.
-We did it.
Yeah! That's Team Furano's
true strength all right!
-Yeah!
-All right!
No, this can't be happening.
Tsubasa used all
his remaining strength
-to kick that shot.
-[groaning]
He doesn't look well.
[doctor]
How stubborn.
Despite his injuries,
he kicked
the Drive Shot again,
risking his body further.
Okay, guys!
Now's our opportunity.
Tsubasa can't keep this up.
Tsubasa's drained his energy
after that shot.
-Yeah!
[ann] Furano's
going on offense with
- their Avalanche Attack.
-[yells]
With a few minutes
remaining,
this will be
their last attempt.
[Yoshiko]
I want to go to the U.S.
knowing you won.
Oh, please, God.
Help them win.
Make their efforts
finally pay off.
It hurts a lot.
Tsubasa, it's our last duel.
I'll get past you!
[Tsubasa]
I won't let...you pass me!
[grunts]
[ann] This is
the last battle
between the red team's
and the white team's
number 10.
What a moment, everyone!
[grunting]
That's right, Tsubasa!
Fight head on!
You can do it, Matsuyama.
-Tsubasa!
-Matsuyama!
[ann] And the stadium
is chanting
Tsubasa and Matsuyama's
names in unison.
You can feel the passion
on the pitch
while the stadium
erupts with energy.
[pants]
[grunts]
We won't lose to you.
Furano will get to
the finals.
[Tsubasa]
Not if I can help it.
The captain is...
Hey, guys,
-we have to keep running.
-[pants]
I trust the captain
will pass us the ball.
Tsubasa doesn't have
any strength left.
We have to help him out,
Taki.
Of course.
[ann] Taki and Kisugi run
to help out their captain.
If Matsuyama
loses the ball,
there'll be no one to cover
Nankatsu except Kato.
[grunts]
You won't keep up
with me, Tsubasa.
[gasp]
[ann] Matsuyama charges
Tsubasa head on.
[groan]
Tsubasa, get up!
[pant]
[ann]
But no foul is called.
That's the nature
of this sport.
Furano's captain keeps up
his aggressive
but clean style of play.
If that's how
you want to play,
we'll take the ball
by force.
Oh, no, you won't.
[gasps]
-How did he--?
-This can't be!
[ann] Matsuyama is able
to fool Taki and Kisugi.
We expect no less
from Hokkaido's eagle,
Hikaru Matsuyama.
Quickly, guys, defend.
[ann]
Matsuyama winds up
- to make his Hokkaido Shot.
-[grunt]
It's the last chance.
You guys stopped Tsubasa's
Drive Shot.
I swear on
my granny's cooking,
-we'll stop...
-[grunt]
Huh? What?!
[ann] Matsuyama makes
a pass instead of shooting.
- All of Furano's in place
-[yelling]
- to try and shoot the ball.
-Let's do it.
The captain's trusting us
to score a goal.
No, you won't score!
Our team has always
come out on top
in the face of adversity.
Stay strong, Furano.
[yelling]
[ann] Amazing.
That was incredible.
Furano's Avalanche Attack
manages to tie the match.
-[cheering]
-Yeah! We tied the match!
Captain, we tied the match!
Captain, we did it!
Yoshiko, we tied
the scoreboard.
Yeah!
I'm so happy right now.
[Furuoya]
Tsubasa, in the end,
you drained yourself.
Had it not been
for that Drive Shot...
you would've been able
to suppress
- the counter attack.
-[groaning]
You risked it all
and decided to attack
instead of defending.
No! Damn it all.
They tied the match.
We were a second away
from winning.
-[Tsubasa] Listen up.
-Huh?
[panting]
[Teppei]
Tsubasa...
The match isn't over
until it's over.
[groaning]
-Tsubasa!
[gasp]
Tsubasa!
There's less than
a minute left.
The match is
as good as over.
Tsubasa...
I wasn't able
to defeat you,
but I also didn't lose
the duel.
We'll go to penalties,
and that's how the winner
will be decided.
[groan]
-[groan]
-[ann] Nankatsu's captain
stands on his feet.
It looks like
his shoulder injury
has worsened.
Are you really okay,
Tsubasa?
Listen up, you guys,
pass me the ball when we
resume the match, all right?
But you can barely move
as it is.
What're you planning to do?
Let us take care of it,
Captain.
[Ryo]
You heard your captain.
-Huh?
You have to pass the ball
to Tsubasa no matter what.
After all, he's the captain
of Team Nankatsu.
Ishizaki...
Everyone in the team
is counting on you, Captain.
Thanks a lot, man.
Okay then, let's do what
our captain says.
-Yeah.
-Mhm.
-We can do it.
-We have to be alert!
Don't get distracted.
-Come on, guys!
-[Ryo] This could be
our last match together
before you go to Brazil.
But even...
if we were to lose...
I won't leave with regrets.
The simple truth
is that it's been
an honor to have
played alongside you,
my dear friend.
[Tsubasa]
Everyone's strength...
will be with me
in this last play.
[Hikaru] I think his injury
forced him
to stay on defense,
letting the others attack.
Are you just going to
defend, Tsubasa?
-[whistle]
-[ann] And the match
resumes with the whistle.
The ball goes
straight to Tsubasa.
Here I come!
Are you serious?
Is he going to
attempt his--?
[ann]
Incredible!
Tsubasa winds up
to shoot from the midfield.
[gasp]
Even if I break
my arm or leg,
I'll leave it all
up to this shot.
I don't care
what happens to me.
Now's my turn with
the Drive Shot, Furano.
[pants]
Fly sky high, my friend!
Take this!
-No! [grunt]
-[eagle screech]
[ann] Tsubasa shoots
an incredible Drive Shot.
It was so fast
that Matsuyama
couldn't even see it.
[gasp]
[ann]
And the ball's flying.
[gasps]
[ann]
The Drive Shot's effect
makes it so the ball
swoops down
- to Furano's goal.
-[gasp]
[ann] But the ball hits
the corner of the goalpost.
[gasps]
[ann]
Truly, what a pity
- for Team Nankatsu.
-[chuckle]
-That's impossible.
-[gasp]
-The ball is still--
-[gasps]
What in the--?
[ann]
Unbelievable!
By hitting the goalpost,
the ball bounced,
maintaining its spin
and hitting the net!
What a great goal,
gentlemen!
[panting]
[pants] We did it.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back!
[whistle]
[cheering]
[ann] The match
is now over!
Nankatsu wins 3 to 2.
Tsubasa's Drive Shot
rose up like a phoenix
dying at the goalpost,
and then rebirthed
from the ashes
to make it into the goal.
- Nankatsu's in the finals.
-Good job!
Great job, Tsubasa!
I'm your fan!
-We beat them!
-We did it!
You did it, Tsubasa!
[ann]
With a few seconds left,
Tsubasa Ozora
made a miracle.
Tsubasa's Drive Shot
got past Furano's defense,
giving them way to
the finals
for the third
consecutive time.
Yeah.
We made it.
[groan]
[panting]
Tsubasa!
-[gasp]
-[groan]
What's wrong, Tsubasa?
The winner should be
standing on two feet.
Matsuyama...
I was very impressed.
You kept fighting
until the last second.
I truly admire you.
Although your Drive Shot
hit the goalpost...
it kept spinning until
it hit the goal's net.
And that was
due to your will.
Your sheer will
-carried the ball.
-[groan]
[chuckles]
Stand up.
Hold your head high.
Tomorrow, you'll be in
the finals.
You'll have to be ready,
Captain.
Thank you so much,
Matsuyama.
[chuckle]
[sobbing]
-No...
-We were so close...
[sobbing]
My friends...
Get up, Furano.
We still have one last job
left to do.
We have to give
our respects.
Yes, yes, Captain.
[ann] Despite
their defeat,
Team Furano shows
their gratitude
towards the fans
who cheered them on.
Once again,
this team demonstrates
the great sportsmanship
built between the players.
-Oh, look at them...
-[sobbing]
No, but why...?
Okay, guys, all together.
-Thank you for your support!
-[cheering]
-We're proud of you!
You played really well,
Furano!
-You're the best team
-Good job!
in Japan in our eyes,
you hear me?!
All right!
[Kojiro]
Hikaru Matsuyama...
You're admirable.
You've won my respect today.
[Hikaru]
It was truly an honor
to have played
alongside you, brothers.
-Stop, Yoshiko.
-[sobbing]
Please stop crying.
Yoshiko...
Oh, hello, Mom...
I'm really sorry,
sweetheart.
Mhm.
[sniffle]
Huh?
[grunt]
It's the headband
Matsuyama wore.
-[Ryo] Hey, Matsuyama!
-Huh?
It fell off your head.
Ah! Is that so?
Thanks.
Listen, you have to
win the finals
for our sake, okay?
We sure will.
[chuckle]
Just as I expected,
the finals will be between
Nankatsu and Toho Academy.
Yeah.
I can't wait anymore.
I'm anxious to see Genzo
in action...
facing Tsubasa's Drive Shot
in Europe.
You have to go to
the hospital immediately.
-Please get the car ready,
-[groan]
Coach.
Uh...
Of course.
The first thing I tell you,
and here you go
and do the opposite, kid.
I'm really sorry.
It's just that I didn't
want the match
to go to penalties, doctor.
I wanted to win
fair and square.
Tsubasa...
And I really
owe it all to you.
Had I not had this
alongside me, doctor...
I would've lost
my motivation.
You wrote victory
on his shoulder?
Yeah.
-My calligraphy
-Huh?
isn't the best,
but he insisted on me
writing it there.
[chuckle]
[narr] Team Furano's
locker room...
[Hikaru] I'm sorry I wasn't
able to keep my promise.
Forgive me.
We couldn't win the match.
Oh!
[gasp]
Is this...
a hidden message?
There's a white thread.
I would've never noticed
it was there.
-[grunt]
-What's wrong?
Excuse me, guys.
[pant]
Yoshiko.
-[panting]
-[teacher] Due to the nature
of her father's work,
Yoshiko Fujisawa
will be leaving
to the United States
next semester.
[gasp]
Captain!
Machiko, where is Yoshiko?
She just left in a taxi
with her mother.
What?
She's on her way
to the airport
to get on a plane
to the United States.
-I have to catch up to her.
-[gasp]
-Wait up, Matsuyama!
-[panting]
Yoshiko is in love with--
What's wrong?
What'd you want to say?
[Yoshiko] I just wanted to
wish you good luck.
[Hikaru] Being the manager
can be hard work, huh?
[Yoshiko]
Yeah.
[Hikaru] Could you get
a copy of this?
[Yoshiko]
Of course.
[Hikaru]
Hey, don't be so rude.
You have to let the manager
take care of it.
[Yoshiko]
Here you go, Captain.
Keep on, Furano!
[Hikaru]
Yoshiko!
[panting]
[Hikaru]
Is that her taxi?
-[sobbing]
-Calm down, love.
Sweetie, could you please
stop crying?
[pant]
No!
[grunt]
Yoshiko, no!
[groan]
[grunt]
Please don't leave me!
[Yoshiko]
I love you.
[Hikaru]
Yoshiko...
I understand.
So then Yoshiko
already left?
Yeah. She asked me
to say goodbye.
If we had won
the semifinals,
she would've stayed
in Japan a day longer.
So then, the captain
went chasing after her?
Yeah, I highly doubt that...
he caught up to the taxi
on foot.
That's a shame.
The truth is Yoshiko
has always
been in love
with the captain.
[Kiyoshi]
We know that.
Huh?
It's been a long time
since we first thought
she had the hots
for the captain.
Actually,
she was really obvious.
[Haruo]
That she was.
But the captain's
as blind as a bat.
[Kazumasa]
Being that case,
why did the captain decide
to chase after Yoshiko?
[Haruo]
Do you think he noticed?
[Hisashi] Hopefully,
it's not too late
for them to talk.
[Machiko] Yoshiko never had
the courage
to tell him herself.
[gasp]
Huh?
I was waiting for you.
Hello, Captain.
[pant]
It's a good thing
I was able to catch up.
But how and why?
Someone brought me
to the airport.
He was from
the soccer federation.
In fact,
he drove so fast that...
I think we passed the taxi
your mom and you were
taking on the way here.
Captain, your leg is
bleeding a lot.
[Hikaru] Uhh...
Don't worry, it's nothing.
Don't dirty
your handkerchief.
But, I can't just
leave you like this.
You always took care
of my injuries, Yoshiko.
This is the last one.
You're very impulsive
and that gets you
hurt a lot.
Believe me when I say
that's the one thing
I won't miss.
[laugh]
Well, it's the result of
my commitment to the team.
Oh, I know that.
Hold the bandage in place,
please.
Sure thing.
Thanks a lot.
[sniffle]
Is everything okay?
[sob]
[reac]
It's nothing, Captain.
It's just I thought.
I would never get to
see you again.
-[sobbing]
-I know,
but you don't have to cry.
In fact, I kept screaming
while I chased your taxi,
but I think
you never noticed me
running behind it.
As I ran, I was careless
and tripped over.
-[sobbing]
-Yoshiko, stop.
Please don't cry.
I'm sorry.
Don't apologize.
I'm really sorry
I dirtied your handkerchief.
You won't be able to wipe
your tears because of me.
-Hikaru!
-[gasp]
-[sob]
-[sobbing]
-[chuckle]
[sobbing]
Take care of yourself, okay?
Mhm.
And don't forget to
write to me.
I'll be anxiously
waiting for that.
Mhm.
I'll take good care of
this headband.
That way, you'll be with me,
Yoshiko.
Always.
[Yoshiko]
[Kazumasa]
He's taking a long time.
Where could the captain be?
Do you think he followed her
to the airport?
To be honest, I doubt it.
He didn't have any money.
You have a call
waiting for you, Coach.
It's from Hikaru Matsuyama.
Huh? Thank you very much,
young miss.
[Hikaru]
Hello there, Coach.
I'm on my way back
from the Narita Airport.
Narita?
Please don't worry about me.
I'm on my way back
to the hotel.
I'll be there soon.
Thanks for the heads up.
-[sighs of relief]
-What a relief.
-I'm glad he finally called.
-That means he got to
-catch up to her.
-I'm glad he's fine. Phew!
[chuckles]
Once again,
it's Toho and Nankatsu.
Tsubasa Ozora against
Kojiro Hyuga.
But we're still not sure...
if Hyuga will win
in the finals.
If I'm objective,
both his growth
and his performance
as a player...
have stalled significantly.
When he was in Meiwa,
his strength
and determination
were superior to Tsubasa's.
He was a threat to
Misaki and Wakabayashi
on the pitch.
But since he got into
Toho Academy...
his feral instinct has
left his fighting spirit.
For the good of soccer,
I'm really hoping that...
the Tiger
will make a return.
When Tsubasa
leaves to Brazil,
the only representative
of Japanese soccer...
will be you, Hyuga.
Huh?
Hmm...
Hey there, Coach Kitazume.
Here you go.
There's a letter for you.
Oh, thank you.
Huh?
Kozo Kira?